I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Grandpa Pig's Boat
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig
are taking Peppa and George
out for a day on the river.
Welcome aboard, me hearties!
Peppa, George, let's put
your life-jackets on.
When Peppa and George are
on Grandpa Pig's boat,
they must Wear life-jackets.
On this boat,
I'm the captain.
Aye-aye, Captain!
When Captain Grandpa tells
you all to do something,
you must do it.
Unless it's something silly.
Captain Grandpa never says
anything silly.
Of course not, Captain Grandpa.
George! Raise the flag!
Peppa! Ring the bell!
Aye-aye, Captain!
Granny Pig! Take the Wheel!
Full sail!
Maybe you should go
a little slower, Grandpa Pig.
Good idea, Granny Pig.
I don't Want to
use up all my petrol.
Grandpa, I liked it
When We Went fast.
Don't Worry, Peppa,
We'll go fast later!
Look! There's another boat!
Here's Granddad Dog.
He's taking Danny Dog
out for a day on the river.
Ahoy there, Granddad Dog!
Ahoy there, Grandpa Pig!
Hello, Danny!!
Hello, Peppa!
Granddad Dog is Grandpa Pig's
very best friend.
I'm surprised
your boat is still afloat,
Granddad Dog. It must be
almost as old as you are!
Woof! This old boat can go
faster than your
rusty bucket any day,
Grandpa Pig.
Alright, you old sea-dog,
race you!
Prepare to lose, Water-hog!
You two are acting
like little children!
Granddad Dog called me a Water-hog.
You called him a sea-dog first, Grandpa.
You should say ''sorry''.
Only if he says ''sorry'' first.
Granddad, say ''sorry'' to Grandpa Pig.
He is your best friend.
No. He's a Water-hog and
my boat is faster than his.
Alright, sea-dog! Let's race
to the next bridge!
On the count of three.
One... Two...
Go!!!
You started too soon!
Catch me if you can,
Water-hog!
Woof! Woof!
Sea-dog!
ls that as fast as you can go?
Can't catch me!
I Win!
Oh, dear. Grandpa Pig's boat
has run out of petrol.
Very clever, Captain Grandpa.
Maybe I did go a bit too fast.
How Will We get home?
Look, there's Granddad Dog!
Granddad Dog can tow us home!
I'm not being towed
by that sea-dog.
I haven't offered to tow
the Water-hog.
Will you two ever grow up?
Grandpa, say ''sorry'' to Granddad Dog.
I'm sorry I called you a sea-dog.
Granddad, say ''sorry'' to Grandpa Pig.
I'm sorry I called you a Water-hog.
That's nice. Granddad Dog,
Would you be so kind as to tow us home?
It Would be my pleasure, madam!
Catch this, Captain!
Aye-Aye, Skipper!
Granddad Dog is Grandpa Pig's
very best friend!
Woof Woof!
Granddad Dog is towing
Grandpa Pig's boat home.
The main thing is
I Won the race.
Grandpa Pig!
Naughty Grandpa Pig!
Peppa! Ring the bell!
Aye-Aye, Captain Grandpa!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Shopping!
Peppa and George are
going shopping!
Peppa and George like shopping.
George loves
sitting in the trolley.